she had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year . dont ask me to carry an oily rag like that . this was easy for us . jane may earn more money by working hard . she is thinner than i am . bright sunshine shimmers on the ocean . nothing is as offensive as innocence . why yell or worry over silly items . where were you while we were away . are your grades higher or lower than nancys . he will allow a rare lie . will robin wear a yellow lily . swing your arm as high as you can . before thursdays exam review every formula . the museum hires musicians every evening . a roll of wire lay near the wall . carl lives in a lively home . alimony harms a divorced mans wealth . aluminum silverware can often be flimsy . she wore warm fleecy woolen overalls . alfalfa is healthy for you . when all else fails use force . those musicians harmonize marvelously . although always alone we survive . only lawyers love millionaires . most young rise early every morning . did dad do academic bidding . beg that guard for one gallon of gas . help greg to pick a peck of potatoes . get a calico cat to keep . a good attitude is unbeatable . its fun to roast marshmallows on a gas burner . coconut cream pie makes a nice dessert . dont do charlies dirty dishes . help celebrate your brothers success . only the most accomplished artists obtain popularity . critical equipment needs proper maintenance . young people participate in athletic activities . barbs gold bracelet was a graduation present . stimulating discussions keep students attention . etiquette mandates compliance with existing regulations . biblical scholars argue history . elderly people are often excluded . basketball can be an entertaining sport . addition and subtraction are learned skills . that pickpocket was caught red handed . mom strongly dislikes appetizers . grandmother outgrew her upbringing in petticoats . at twilight on the twelfth day well have chablis . catastrophic economic cutbacks neglect the poor . ambidextrous pickpockets accomplish more . her classical performance gained critical acclaim . even a simple vocabulary contains symbols . the eastern coast is a place for pure pleasure and excitement . the lack of heat compounded the tenants grievances . academic aptitude guarantees your diploma . the prowler wore a ski mask for disguise . we experience distress and frustration obtaining our degrees . the singers finger had a splinter . the legislature met to judge the state of public education . chocolate and roses never fail as a romantic gift . any contributions will be greatly appreciated . continental drift is a geological theory . regular attendance is seldom required . challenge each generals intelligence . we got drenched from the uninterrupted rain . last years gas shortage caused steep price increases . upgrade your status to reflect your wealth . eat your raisins outdoors on the porch steps . did you eat yet . porcupines resemble sea urchins . spring street is straight ahead . cliffs display was misplaced on the screen . an official deadline cannot be postponed . fill that canteen with fresh spring water . gently place jims foam sculpture in the box . bagpipes and bongos are musical instruments . doctors prescribe drugs too freely . will you please describe the idiotic predicament . its illegal to postdate a check . its impossible to deal with bureaucracy . good service should be rewarded by big tips . my instructions desperately need updating . cooperation along with understanding alleviate dispute . cement is measured in cubic yards . hispanic costumes are quite colorful . primitive tribes have an upbeat attitude . flying standby can be practical if you want to save money . its hard to tell an original from a forgery . the thinker is a famous sculpture . the misprint provoked an immediate disclaimer . a large household needs lots of appliances . cut a small corner off each edge . youngsters love common candy as treats . iguanas and alligators are tropical reptiles . masquerade parties tax ones imagination . penguins live near the icy antarctic . guess the question from the answer . medieval society was based on hierarchies . project development was proceeding too slowly . kindergarten children decorate their classrooms for all holidays . special task forces rescue hostages from kidnappers . call an ambulance for medical assistance . he stole a dime from a beggar . you must explicitly delete files . a huge tapestry hung in her hallway . birthday parties have cupcakes and ice cream . his scalp was blistered from todays hot sun . she slipped and sprained her ankle on the steep slope . the best way to learn is to solve extra problems . his sudden departure shocked the cast . tugboats are capable of hauling huge loads . a muscular abdomen is good for your back . the cartoon features a muskrat and a tadpole . the emblem depicts the acropolis all aglow . clasp the screw in your left hand . the mango and the papaya are in a bowl . combine all the ingredients in a large bowl . the misquote was retracted with an apology . the coyote bobcat and hyena are wild animals . trespassing is forbidden and subject to penalty . encyclopedias seldom present anecdotal evidence . a screwdriver is made from vodka and orange juice . objects made of pewter are beautiful . westchester is a county in new york . artificial intelligence is for real . the emperor had a mean temper . lots of foreign movies have subtitles . angora cats are furrier than siamese . he ate four extra eggs for breakfast . we plan to build a new beverage plant . publicity and notoriety go hand in hand . pizzerias are convenient for a quick lunch . december and january are nice months to spend in miami . technical writers can abbreviate in bibliographies . scientific progress comes from the development of new techniques . tradition requires parental approval for under age marriage . the clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume . the bungalow was pleasantly situated near the shore . agricultural products are unevenly distributed . pledge to participate in nevadas aquatic competition . which long article was opaque and needed clarification . the sound of jennifers bugle scared the antelope . the willowy woman wore a muskrat coat . too much curiosity can get you into trouble . cyclical programs will never compile . correct execution of my instructions is crucial . most precincts had a third of the votes counted . while waiting for chipper she crisscrossed the square many times . vietnamese cuisine is exquisite . the previous speaker presented ambiguous results . mosquitoes exist in warm humid climates . scholastic aptitude is judged by standardized tests . orange juice tastes funny after toothpaste . the water contained too much chlorine and stung his eyes . our experiments positive outcome was unexpected . remove the splinter with a pair of tweezers . the drunkard is a social outcast . the government sought authorization of his citizenship . as coauthors we presented our new book to the haughty audience . as a precaution the outlaws bought gunpowder for their stronghold . her auburn hair reminded him of autumn leaves . they remained lifelong friends and companions . curiosity and mediocrity seldom coexist . the easygoing zoologist relaxed throughout the voyage . biologists use radioactive isotopes to study microorganisms . employee layoffs coincided with the companys reorganization . who took the kayak down the bayou . how would you evaluate this algebraic expression . the mayan neoclassic scholar disappeared while surveying ancient ruins . the diagnosis was discouraging however he was not overly worried . the triumphant warrior exhibited naive heroism . whoever cooperates in finding nans cameo will be rewarded . the haunted house was a hit due to outstanding audio visual effects . severe myopia contributed to rons inferiority complex . buying a thoroughbred horse requires intuition and expertise . does creole cooking use curry . she encouraged her children to make their own halloween costumes . we could barely see the fjords through the snow flurries . almost all colleges are now coeducational . rich looked for spotted hyenas and jaguars on the safari . thick glue oozed out of the tube . why else would danny allow others to go . the cats meow always hurts my ears . did you buy any corduroy overalls . would a tomboy often play outdoors . they often go out in the evening . who authorized the unlimited expense account . destroy every file related to my audits . serve the coleslaw after i add the oil . withdraw all phony accusations at once . straw hats are out of fashion this year . why buy oil when you always use mine . they enjoy it when i audition . would you allow acts of violence . how do oysters make pearls . draw each graph on a new axis . norwegian sweaters are made of lambs wool . young children should avoid exposure to contagious diseases . ralph controlled the stopwatch from the bleachers . approach your interview with statuesque composure . how much allowance do you get . the causeway ended abruptly at the shore . even i occasionally get the monday blues . military personnel are expected to obey government orders . when peeling an orange it is hard not to spray juice . do you hear the sleigh bells ringing . rob sat by the pond and sketched the stray geese . michael colored the bedroom wall with crayons . jeffs toy go cart never worked . only the best players enjoy popularity . i gave them several choices and let them set the priorities . the news agency hired a great journalist . the morning dew on the spider web glistened in the sun . the sermon emphasized the need for affirmative action . the small boy put the worm on the hook . how permanent are their records . try to recall the events in chronological order . nonprofit organizations have frequent fund raisers . the most recent geological survey found seismic activity . cory attacked the project with extra determination . you always come up with pathological examples . put the butcher block table in the garage . how good is your endurance . keep the thermometer under your tongue . steph could barely handle the psychological trauma . its healthier to cook without sugar . the viewpoint overlooked the ocean . are you looking for employment . allow leeway here but rationalize all errors . i honor my mom . his failure to open the store by eight cost him his job . highway and freeway mean the same thing . the paper boy bought two apples and three ices . i itemize all accounts in my agency . clear pronunciation is appreciated . the courier was a dwarf . a doctor was in the ambulance with the patient . puree some fruit before preparing the skewers . its not easy to create illuminating examples . the hallway opens into a huge chamber . may i order a strawberry sundae after i eat dinner . they all agree that the essay is barely intelligible . herbs birthday occurs frequently on thanksgiving . does hindu ideology honor cows . how ancient is this subway escalator . the cigarettes in the clay ashtray overflowed onto the oak table . reading in poor light gives you eyestrain . i ate every oyster on noras plate . the boston ballet overcame their funding shortage . we apply auditory modeling to computer speech recognition . the gorgeous butterfly ate a lot of nectar . by eating yogurt you may live longer . do they allow atheists in church . my ideal morning begins with hot coffee . the irate actor stomped away idiotically . were open every monday evening . the essay undeniably reflects our view ably . tornados often destroy acres of farm land . remember to allow identical twins to enter freely . do you have the yellow ointment ready . can the agency overthrow alien forces . how oily do you like your salad dressing . we saw eight tiny icicles below our roof . saw is broken so chop the wood instead . withdraw only as much money as you need . draw every outer line first then fill in the interior . the jaw operates by using antagonistic muscles . do atypical farmers grow oats . are holiday aprons available to us . be careful not to plow over the flower beds . allow each child to have an ice pop . the angry boy answered but didnt look up . cliff was soothed by the luxurious massage . steve wore a bright red cashmere sweater . johns brother repainted the garage door . the rose corsage smelled sweet . to further his prestige he occasionally reads the wall street journal . alices ability to work without supervision is noteworthy . the oasis was a mirage . cory and trish played tag with beach balls for hours . the tooth fairy forgot to come when rogers tooth fell out . planned parenthood organizations promote birth control . jeff thought you argued in favor of a centrifuge purchase . rich purchased several signed lithographs . in every major cloverleaf traffic sometimes gets backed up . in the long run it pays to buy quality clothing . brush fires are common in the dry underbrush of nevada . weatherproof galoshes are very useful in seattle . this brochure is particularly informative for prospective buyer . the avalanche triggered a minor earthquake . these exclusive documents must be locked up at all times . please take this dirty table cloth to the cleaners for me . should giraffes be kept in small zoos . if carol comes tomorrow have her arrange for a meeting at two . the two artists exchanged autographs . rock and roll music has a great rhythm . id rather not buy these shoes than be overcharged . shaving cream is a popular item on halloween . amoebas change shape constantly . we like bleu cheese but victor prefers swiss cheese . tofu is made from processed soybeans . the bluejay flew over the high building . cheap stockings run the first time theyre worn . cottage cheese with chives is delicious . a chosen few will become generals . the meeting is now adjourned . shipbuilding is a most fascinating process . the proof that you are seeking is not available in books . the hood of the jeep was steaming in the hot sun . my desires are simple give me one informative paragraph on the subject . those answers will be straightforward if you think them through carefully first . drop five forms in the box before you go out . if people were more generous there would be no need for welfare . bob found more clams at the oceans edge . that dog chases cats mercilessly . the cranberry bog gets very pretty in autumn . please dig my potatoes up before frost . a big goat idly ambled through the farmyard . the nearest synagogue may not be within walking distance . the groundhog clearly saw his shadow but stayed out only a moment . a leather handbag would be a suitable gift . the fog prevented them from arriving on time . the local drugstore was charged with illegally dispensing tranquilizers . the full moon shone brightly that night . steve collects rare and novel coins . al received a joint appointment in the biology and the engineering departments . gregory and tom chose to watch cartoons in the afternoon . chip postponed alimony payments until the latest possible date . count the number of teaspoons of soysauce that you add . the big dog loved to chew on the old rag doll . todd placed top priority on getting his bike fixed . an adult male baboons teeth are not suitable for eating shellfish . often youll get back more than you put in . gus saw pine trees and redwoods on his walk through sequoia national forest . rob made hungarian goulash for dinner and gooseberry pie for dessert . bob bandaged both wounds with the skill of a doctor . the dark murky lagoon wound around for miles . did shawn catch that big goose without help . ducks have webbed feet and colorful feathers . the high security prison was surrounded by barbed wire . take charge of choosing her brides maids gowns . the frightened child was gently subdued by his big brother . i know i didnt meet her early enough . trish saw hours and hours of movies saturday . the barracuda recoiled from the serpents poisonous fangs . the patient and the surgeon are both recuperating from the lengthy operation . ill have a scoop of that exotic purple and turquoise sherbet . the preschooler couldnt verbalize her feelings about the emergency conditions . many wealthy tycoons splurged and bought both a yacht and a schooner . the new suburbanites worked hard on refurbishing their older home . according to my interpretation of the problem two lines must be perpendicular . a connoisseur will enjoy this shellfish dish . a lawyer was appointed to execute her will . dolphins are intelligent marine mammals . diane may splurge and buy a turquoise necklace . the moisture in my eyes is from eyedrops not from tears . george seldom watches daytime movies . the system may break down soon so save your files frequently . i assume moisture will damage this ships hull . the speech symposium might begin monday . the annoying raccoons slipped into phils garden every night . the cow wandered from the farmland and became lost . each untimely income loss coincided with the breakdown of a heating system part . the gunman kept his victim cornered at gunpoint for three hours . will you please confirm government policy regarding waste removal . the surplus shoes were sold at a discount price . loris costume needed black gloves to be completely elegant . bob papered over the living room murals . that noise problem grows more annoying each day . right now may not be the best time for business mergers . that diagram makes sense only after much study . a boring novel is a superb sleeping pill . john cleans shellfish for a living . growing well kept gardens is very time consuming . women may never become completely equal to men . she always jokes about too much garlic in his food . i just saw jim near the new archeological museum . pam gives driving lessons on thursdays . why charge money for such garbage . we welcome many new students each year . george is paranoid about a future gas shortage . the carpet cleaners shampooed our oriental rug . please shorten this skirt for joyce . his shoulder felt as if it were broken . which church do the smiths worship in . the giant redwoods simmered in the glistening sun . her right hand aches whenever the barometric pressure changes . they own a big house in the remote countryside . he picked up nine pairs of socks for each brother . they all like long hot showers . a young mouse scampered across the field and disappeared . she uses both names interchangeably . calcium makes bones and teeth strong . i took her word for it but is she really going with you . the fish began to leap frantically on the surface of the small lake . tim takes sheila to see movies twice a week . children can consume many fruit candies in one sitting . they assume no burglar will ever enter here . just drop notices in any suggestion box . the taxicab broke down and caused a traffic jam . well serve rhubarb pie after rachels talk . her wardrobe consists of only skirts and blouses . barb burned paper and leaves in a big bonfire . of course you can have another tunafish sandwich . there was a gigantic wasp next to irvings big top hat . laugh dance and sing if fortune smiles upon you . id ride the subway but i havent enough change . eating spinach nightly increases strength miraculously . greg buys fresh milk each weekday morning . butterscotch fudge goes well with vanilla ice cream . gwen planted green beans in her vegetable garden . daphnes swedish needlepoint scarf matched her skirt . irish youngsters eat fresh kippers for breakfast . move the garbage nearer to the large window . a huge power outage rarely occurs . valley lodge yearly celebrates the first calf born . iris thinks this zoo has eleven spanish zebras . the football team coach has a watch thin as a dime . seamstresses attach zippers with a thimble needle and thread . those who teach values first abolish cheating . once you finish greasing your chain be sure to wash thoroughly . smash lightbulbs and their cash value will diminish to nothing . top zinnias rarely have crooked stems . movies never have enough villains . a moth zig zagged along the path through ottos garden . every cab needs repainting often . a crab challenged me but a quick stab vanquished him . a toothpaste tube should be squeezed from the bottom . those who are not purists use canned vegetables when making stew . the fifth jar contains big juicy peaches . coffee is grown on steep jungle like slopes in temperate zones . the overweight charmer could slip poison into anyones tea . each stag surely finds a big fawn . the rich should invest in black zircons instead of stylish shoes . please sing just the club theme . they used an aggressive policeman to flag thoughtless motorists . shell shock caused by shrapnel is sometimes cured through group therapy . that stinging vapor was caused by chloride vaporization . the advertising verse of plymouth variety store never changes . dont look for group valuables in a bank vault . suburban housewives often suffer from the gab habit . a lone star shone in the early evening sky . the toddler found a clamshell near the camp site . what is this large thing by the ironing board . thomas thinks a larger clamp solves the problem . first add milk to the shredded cheese . spherical gifts are difficult to wrap . ralph prepared red snapper with fresh lemon sauce for dinner . roy ignored the spurious data points in drawing the graph . the thick elm forest was nearly overwhelmed by dutch elm disease . in developing film many toxic chemicals are used . everything went real smooth the sheriff said . if you destroy confidence in banks you do something to the economy he said . one validated acts of school districts . two other cases also were under advisement . both figures would go higher in later years . this is not a program of socialized medicine . he further proposed grants of an unspecified sum for experimental hospitals . nothing has been done yet to take advantage of the enabling legislation . day after day some new episode is reported . it also provides for funds to clear slums and help colleges build dormitories . the hotel owner shrugged . the prospect of cutting back spending is an unpleasant one for any governor . nobody really expects to evacuate . then wed really have someplace to go . he really crucified him he nailed it for a yard loss . there is definitely some ligament damage in his knee . in fact our whole defensive unit did a good job . a quick touchdown resulted . suddenly my reflexes are gone . he played basketball there while working toward a law degree . yet he remains the fiercest of competitors . the golfing fathers ruled in his favor . they will take a wedding trip later . so if anybody solicits by phone make sure you mail the dough to the above . her position covers a number of daily tasks common to any social director . the job also covers a number of other items . the structures housing the apartments are of masonry and frame construction . range was a vital detail . this he added brought about petty jealousies and petty personal grievances . there was no confirmation of such massive assaults from independent sources . this staff deserves a lot of credit working down here under real obstacles . the family requests that flowers be omitted . both cars were slightly damaged . it was time to go up myself . cable confirmation it said translated . they make gin saws and deal in parts supplies and some used gin machinery . we must be ready for any needed sacrifice . maybe its taking longer to get things squared away than the bankers expected . hiring the wife for ones company may win her tax aided retirement income . so he hides the mayonnaise . unfortunately there is still little demand for broccoli and cauliflower . bake slowly at least one half hour longer . they either walked or were driven . they could walk ride on a bus or be driven . displayed as lamps the puppets delight the children and are decorative accent . to create such a lamp order a wired pedestal from any lamp shop . the scalloped edge is particularly appealing . there are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private eye series . but this doesnt detract from its merit as an interesting if not great film . and you think you have language problems . very austere yet racy . where do you put the lighter fluid ha ha . this excellent foreign bomb takes only six . they polished the windshield . ideally he knew it should be preceded by concrete progress at lower levels . mollusks are a case in point . this is a significant advance but its import should not be exaggerated . adequate compensation is indispensable . this is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure . it was most effective against trade unions . this is no surprising trait for a ballplayer . youre afraid to talk to a guy you idolize . little geeing and hawing have been necessary . some observers speculated that this might be his revenge on his home town . confusion became chaos each succeeding day brought new acts of violence . higher toll rates also are helping boost revenues . that added traffic means rising streams of dimes and quarters at toll gates . success for many turnpikes has come hard . traffic frequently has failed to measure up to engineers rosy estimates . progress is being made too in improving motorists access to many turnpikes . under this law annual grants are given to systems in substantial amounts . within a system however the autonomy of each member library is preserved . the desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life . we congratulate the entire membership on its record of good legislation . the boost is helpful but inadequate . thereupon followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines . wooded stream valleys in the folds of earth would be saved . his election on the other hand would unquestionably strengthen the regulars . he spoke briefly sensibly to the point and without oratorical flourishes . further it has its work cut out stopping anarchy where it is now garrisoned . fools he bayed what do you think you are doing . he earnestly urged a cease fire . too many have bogged down in bickering . so we note approvingly a fresh sample of unanimity . it is one of the rare public ventures here on which nearly everyone is agreed . county officials have cooperated consistently . but that heritage is shrinking even faster . thus there is a clearer division of authority administrative and legislative . it helps those people who help themselves . she came back the other day to reassure me . jokes cartoons and cynics to the contrary mothers in law make good friends . theirs is a sacrificial life by earthly standards . but how little love we give him . the narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure . would a blue feather in a mans hat make him happy all day . never happier in my life . these programs emphasize the acceptance of biracial classrooms peacefully . you certainly cant expect the infield to do any better than it did last year . is the mother of an autistic child at fault . we think differently . as a rule the autistic child doesnt enjoy physical contact with others . or certain words or rituals that child and adult go through may do the trick . only ingenuity will uncover it . we did not accept the diagnosis at once but gradually we are coming to . how do they turn out later . is a relaxed home atmosphere enough to help her outgrow these traits . they seem darned proud of it . where only one club existed before he says two will flourish henceforth . this is going to be a language lesson and you can master it in a few minutes . family loyalties and cooperative work have been unbroken for generations . heels place emphasis on the long legged silhouette . wine glass heels are to be found in both high and semi heights . stacked heels are also popular on dressy or tailored shoes . contrast trim provides other touches of color . at the left is a pair of dressy straw pumps in a light but crisp texture . at right is a casual style in a crushed unlined white leather . most of us brush our teeth by hand . the bristles are soft enough to massage the gums and not scratch the enamel . steam baths writes do steam baths have any health value . sewing brings numbness writes what makes my hands numb when sewing . teaching guides are included with each record . it motivates his behavior . he doesnt want her to look frowningly at him or speak to him angrily . but even mothers loving attitude will not always prevent misbehavior . she can decrease the number of temptations . she can remove all knick knacks within reach . usually they titter loudly after they have passed by . too often unless he hails them they pass him by . say he is a horse thief runs an old adage . it seems that open season upon veterans hospitalization is once more upon us . this we can sympathetically understand . this is taxation without representation . our entire economy will have a terrific uplift . one even gave my little dog a biscuit . maybe he will help to turn our fair city into a ghost town . why do we need bigger and better bombs . one of the problems associated with the expressway stems from the basic idea . bridges tunnels and ferries are the most common methods of river crossings . replace it with the statue of one or another of the worlds famous dictators . who wants this deed done . the gallant half city is dying on its feet . the trial balloons are afloat . their privations are almost beyond endurance . on these they feel they can rely . the moment of truth is the moment of crisis . new self deceiving rags are hurriedly tossed on the too naked bones . what explains this uni directional paralysis . originals are not necessarily good and adaptations are not necessarily bad . but that explanation is only partly true . but the ships are very slow now and we dont get so many sailors any more . melancholy obsession . they were shown how to advance against an enemy outpost atop a cleared ridge . we would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need . with this no loyal citizen can quarrel . mercenary term of honor . this possibility is anything but reassuring . the public is now armed with sophistication and numerous competing media . but the attack was made from an advance copy . well now we have two big theaters . splendor by sorcery its a horror . one upmanship is practiced by both sides in a total war . this big flexible voice with uncommon range has been superbly disciplined . her debut over perhaps the earlier scenes will emerge equally fine . he injected more vitality into the score than it has revealed in many years . the storyline in sort is wildly unrealistic . he talked about unauthentic storylines too . he praises many individuals generously . his portrayal of an edgy head in the clouds artist is virtually flawless . not a corner has been visibly cut in this one . the masters hand has lost none of its craft . he showed puny men attacked by splendidly tyrannical machines . he may have a point in urging that decadent themes be given fewer prizes . a tiny handful never did make the concert . the works are presented chronologically . the humor of the situation can be imagined . it all takes place in the eighteenth century . his technique is ample and his musical ideas are projected beautifully . what a discussion can ensue when the title of this type of song is in question . program note reads as follows take hands this urgent visage beckons us . the orchestra was obviously on its mettle and it played most responsively . he liked to nip ear lobes of unsuspecting visitors with his needle sharp teeth . here he is quite persuasively the very embodiment of meanness and slyness . he is a man of major talent but a man of solitary uncertain impulses . he was above all a friend seeker almost pathetic in his eagerness to be liked . he enlisted a staff of loyal experts and of many zealous volunteers . this theory eventually proved inexact . the heavens refused to give up their weeping . but what has been happening recently might be described as creeping mannerism . clever light songs were overly coy tragic songs a little too melodramatic . their props were two stepladders a chair and a palm fan . the armchair traveler preserves his illusions . all are well written and are overwritten . he ignores guidebook facts . nice even if a trifle gaudy . below is a specific guide keyed to the calendar . a sailboat may have a bone in her teeth one minute and lie becalmed the next . it suffers from a lack of unity of purpose and respect for heroic leadership . the fat man has trouble buying life insurance or has to pay higher premiums . far more frequently overeating is a result of a psychological compulsion . just what is meant by spirit and by matter . surely this is a reality we all acknowledge . yet it exists and has an objective reality which can be experienced and known . yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community . but this statement is completely unconvincing . a second point requires more extended comment . the straight line would symbolize its uniqueness the circle of universality . his history is his alone yet each man must recognize his own history in it . historical existence is a created good . death reminds man of his sin but it reminds him also of his transience . such a calm and assuring peace can be yours . satellites sputniks rockets balloons what next . look at the things we do to escape our fears and to forget our worries . meanwhile the enemy will capitalize on our fears if he can . our enemy is also threatening to devour us . yes indeed we too can see a warlike host of infidels encamped against us . we are all involved in them deeply involved . later we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally . neglect means spiritual paralysis or death . a helpful leaflet may be enclosed in the letter . none should ask less . psychologically the reception should be the climax following the sermon . this is no spectator type experience everyone is to be a participant . both eventualities are possible logically but practically they are impossible . theocracy reconsidered . comparable trends can be noted elsewhere . salvation reconsidered . he is not talking in the main about probabilities risks and danger in general . no political order or economic system is so clearly contrary to nature . would such an act of refusal be useful . often they are able to get in only because the area is declining economically . an octillion atoms now let us see where this power comes from . this is the atomic sun the atomic nucleus . at any rate it shows us how immaterial we are . others were ephemeral . the anti slavery movement took many forms . the dead spirits occupied a prominent place in every hope and in every fear . men believed they could control nature by obeying a moral code . propriety was synonymous with ritual observance the mark of a true gentleman . but this esoteric doctrine was lost in the shuffle to acquire special powers . why said the teacher art thou so late . he who does not love abides in death . the new birth is miraculous and mysterious . the new birth is immediate and instantaneous . some have walked through pain and sorrow to bring you their message of hope . but from the start they had two important ingredients sincerity and realism . the crisis later on when debts seemed about to overwhelm me . youre not living up to your own principles she told my discouraged people . youre so preoccupied that youve let your faith grow dim . there are people who travel long distances to assure my continued existence . we have also seen the power of faith at work among us . it was muscular but it wasnt symmetrical . oh youll wobble and weave quite a bit at first . ants carry the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills nearby . pansies are gluttons . the avocado should have a give to it as you hold it when it is ripe . there is no dyeing or waxing or gassing needed . avocados however are very rich in nutrients . however the aircraft which we have today are tied to large soft airfields . nuclear rockets can destroy airfields with ease . our first necessity at the very outset of war is post attack reconnaissance . what targets have we successfully knocked out . other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation . for me it has more of both elements than the majority of its competitors . there are canoes ideal for fishing in protected waters or for camping trips . now here is truly a marvel . state numbering laws differ from each other in many ways . industry interest in safety goes even farther . file to a smooth finish . this tool can also be made with a lathe . this changes the formula to an equation . the total of these three volumes is the final combustion chamber volume . its a streamlined rifle fast and well made . a spring trap for solid mounting and a regular hand trap are also available . promptly at seven he would clatter out of the court with twelve in the tallyho . then simmer fifteen minutes longer . poach the apples in this syrup for twelve minutes drain them and cool . best solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or shade . another memo for sightseers bring your camera along to museums . a few years later the dome fell in . do line barbecue fire bowl with heavy foil to reflect heat . do avoid puncturing or cutting into meats test them . if necessary to replace both halves on grill sear cuts and allot extra time . for roast insert meat thermometer diagonally so it does not rest on bone . also make sure thermometer does not touch the revolving spit or hit the coals . have a test run on the family first to be sure timing and seasoning are right . dont plan meals that are too complicated . keep the desserts simple fruit does nicely . do without fancy tablecloths . in the winter hibachi in the kitchen or grill over the logs of the fireplace . summertime supper outside is a natural . do buy all purpose mugs or cups . get copper or earthenware mugs that keep beer chilled or soup hot . broil or toast as usual . for sweet sour sauce cook onion in oil until soft . add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil . to prepare mustard cream blend mustard with enough water to make a thin paste . fold into whipped cream and add a dash of salt and sprinkling of paprika . add a few caraway seeds too if youd like . serve in frankfurter buns or as a meat dish . pretend ham make criss cross gashes on one side of skinless frankfurters . make a paste of brown sugar and mustard and spread lightly over scored surface . instructions for preparing clay drying glazing and firing are not given . equipment basic pottery studio equipment . materials ceramic modeling clay red white or buff . stoneware clay for tiles . when mold has more than one design cavity make individual paper patterns . trim excess clay away from outer edges . opaque cantaloupe and transparent wood brown were used . paperweight may be personalized on back while clay is leather hard . fill small hole in bowl with clay . jars are assembled in bowl of butter mold . trim excess clay from around lip of mold and set aside while assembling lid . turn shaker upside down . set aside to dry thoroughly . trim away excess clay reinforce seam with a coil of clay . make lid for sugar bowl the same as jar lids omitting design disk . set aside to dry with lid on sugar bowl . vases make same as salt and pepper shakers leaving off top pieces . faces may be made into candles by filling with melted wax and a wick . a cardboard pattern cut to fit inside holder will help to prevent warping . let all projects dry slowly for several days . place work on a flat surface and smooth out . thread matching yarn in tapestry needle . do not draw yarn too tight . ease in any extra fullness evenly around . nor is she a wet boat . the keelson made of two three inch widths is next installed . the side ones are half inch narrower . again these blocks were set in resin saturated glass cloth and nailed . the decking is quarter inch mahogany marine plywood . you can build this vacation cottage yourself . it is a big project not to be taken lightly . the theory the idea behind our design is modular units or panelization . dont lose the chuck key . feed pressure is also of major importance . we have become amateur insurance experts and fine feathered yard birds . but problems cling to pools as any pool owner knows . we seemed to be witnessing the population explosion right in our own backyards . so rules we made in unabashed collusion . but fenced or unfenced no pool side is the place for running or horseplay . a pool is no place for a shut trap . you should firmly insist that no bobby pins or hair pins be worn in the water . when shed they leave rust marks . the filtered air benefits allergies asthma sinus hay fever . the need for reupholstering redecorating repainting becomes more infrequent . when youre less fatigued things just naturally look brighter . that brings its per year cost down mighty low . the simplest kind of separate system uses a single self contained unit . in a new house generous roof overhangs are a logical and effective solution . theyre easier to shade there . insulate weatherstrip double glaze to the maximum . this is particularly true in site selection . begin the examination of a site with a good map and aerial photos if possible . you need answers to four important questions . one of the most desirable features for a park are beautiful views or scenery . a site may also be attractive just through the beauty of its trees and shrubs . topography topography is very important . an area sheltered from strong winds may be highly desirable for recreation use . meanwhile three great terrible forces were coagulating and crystallizing . need for novelty may be a symptom of cultural fatigue and instability . push ups push ups are essential but few have the strength for them at first . fall slowly forward onto the hands and let the body down to rest on the floor . push back up and repeat . do this exercise six times each class period . this will prevent flat falls and toe injuries . bones and cartilage transmit poorly and tend to reflect the ultrasonic signals . there forces are more latent than in electricity and less than in magnetism . by that one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces . the target chart quickly and briefly tells you which additives do what . milk production may be increased by the anti infective properties of this drug . the drug is also incorporated in supplements . several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers . what it does aids in preventing foamy bloat . caution continuous administration is not recommended for lactating cows . drugs chemical name procaine penicillin . drugs chemical name dried rumen bacteria . what it does stimulates rumen activity . no one material is best for all situations . selecting bunks by economic comparison is usually an individual problem . wider discretionary choices for customers . less personal salesmanship . it has multiple implications and possible headaches for your marketing program . salesmanship is still necessary but its a different brand of salesmanship . no manufacturer has taken the initiative in pointing out the cost involved . computers are being used to keep branch inventories at more workable levels . increasing tempo of new product development . practically all forecasts mention new and exciting products on the horizon . complexity of complete marketing planning . every single problem touched on thus far is related to good marketing planning . are planning and strategy development emphasized sufficiently in your company . to begin with what is an interior designer . thus technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of actual experience . but to continue to divorce advanced students from reality is inexcusable . this brings us to the question of accreditation of art schools in general . is it larger or fancier than you really need . can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs . would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant safety . are you underwriting expensive team trips . are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program . if you use parking attendants can they be replaced by automatic parking gates . aim to balance your employee benefit package . encourage them to exercise their benefits . use deductible insurance wherever feasible . put a dollar and cents limit on benefits . otherwise you may be saddled with a good size milk bill by milk drinkers . choose carefully between contributory or non contributory pension plans . a non contributory plan usually wont pay off for the worker until he retires . these include leaves of absences illnesses and layoffs . latest models serve hot meals at reasonable prices and at a profit to you . if a concessionaire runs the cafeteria keep an eye out for quality and price . check your cafeteria location to make sure its convenient for most employees . the long and ever increasing column of sportsmen is now moving into a new era . neither are beds thanks to air mattresses and sleeping bags . the old shop adage still holds a good mechanic is usually a bad boss . a complete plan we have made limited application of the parallel ladder plan . the highest rated non supervisory engineering title is research engineer . the idea of a central tank with lines to each house is not in itself a novelty . it will accommodate firing rates as low as half a gallon an hour . the word means it wont boil away easily nothing else . then fill the system and add a rust inhibitor . be careful that you keep adequate coverage but look for places to save money . first go over the type of coverage you now have . look for these features which may mean you can save duplicate coverage . does your policy have a lay up clause . the figure five is important in insurance . this means either cars or trucks . large injection molded letters are also available for sign installations . the revolution now under way in materials handling makes this much easier . before that we lumber dealers were working almost single handed on the problem . the way is to rent a chauffeur driven car . any retaliatory gas attack would be airborne . he hoped they would put in somewhere way way down in the earth . nine of them had gone down the gangplank already . he snatched at it savagely . another longer strip of tinsel whipped his mouth . is a dream simply a mental or cerebral movie . in most cases we recognize certain words persons animals or objects . but why is it necessary to reproduce the retinal image within the brain . it was applied with a compost shredder made from a converted manure spreader . no chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used . theres never enough corn peas or strawberries . new ideas for improving nutrition came with the study of soil treatment . adults take a long time to convince and you are thwarted if you try to push . it is well liked by the children and faculty . they serve cracked wheat oats or cornmeal . where can we get this cereal he likes so much . home made sauerkraut is served once a week . sprouted grains and seeds are used in salads and dishes such as chop suey . milk appears twice a day . the source is known so there is no necessity to remove insecticide residues . a vigorous program existed in skiing skating sports and overnight hiking . he peered ahead and grinned as the railroad tracks came into view again below . his work began just six days after the flood . it took a tragedy to bring things to a head . somehow we old timers never figured we would ever retire . we always thought we would die with our boots on . compulsory retirement at sixty five looms on our horizon . to put it bluntly you are getting out moded . this is followed by a boom in conferences . you may amaze yourself and acquire a real knack for it . do you love to run up a hem sew on buttons make neat buttonholes . if you do go to it . then again theres always that lovely old pastime of hooking or braiding rugs . some make beautiful chairs cabinets chests doll houses etc . some women get a real thrill out of housework . we know that actors can learn to portray a wide variety of character roles . obviously the bridal pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation . too many new things are happening for it to be a complete erotic fulfillment . differences were related to social economic and educational backgrounds . in tradition and in poetry the marriage bed is a place of unity and harmony . to many experts this trend was inevitable . they consider it simply a sign of our times . while he was in custody his wife divorced him . another put sex on a dollars and cents basis . naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative . asked why he replied primly because thats no activity for a gentleman . but such cases were in the past unusual . when did women begin to assert themselves sexually . often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction . his prescription hot and cold compresses to increase her absorption of water . thats where device quackery can lead . authorities say that oldsters are a prime target . crooked overlapping twisted or widely spaced teeth . aligning all the teeth may take a year or more . let the orthodontist decide the proper time to start treatment he urges . superior new material for orthodontic work is another result of research . impressions often appear in a symbolic form and cannot be taken at face value . during one reading an image appeared of a prisoner in irons . the farmers life must be arranged to meet the demands of crops and livestock . livestock must be tended every day routinely . production may fall far below expectations . if the farm is rented the rent must be paid . advantages a farm provides a wholesome and healthful environment for children . as a rule part time farmers hire little help . few rural areas are protected by zoning . how much will it cost to do any necessary modernizing and redecorating . it may be hard to decide what this labor is worth but charge something for it . as such it was beyond politics and had no need of justification by a message . all too often our language is unduly harsh . that experience holds a lesson for us all in regard to birth control today . historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations . first they wanted to clarify a tantalizing bizarre enigma . worse his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before . turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet . but he was very much like his associates in his hatred of camp routine . one of the most common of camp maladies was diarrhoea . sometimes soldiers wrote letters while bullets were whizzing about their heads . no group of officers came in for more spirited denunciation than the doctors . the coalition was to prove inadvisable . like a fair number of bootleggers he disliked alcohol . however this inaugural feast did its sponsors no good whatever . the dimensions of these waves dwarf all our usual standards of measurement . a tsunami is not a single wave but a series . a sharp tremor was followed by a jerky roll . he not only knew soldiering but mathematics history and literature as well . along the main thoroughfares hardly a house had not been peppered . what had been the ambassadors suite was now jagged walls of blackened brick . we flew in rickety planes so overloaded that we wondered why they didnt crash . then off again rushing to keep up . we send shovels cement nails and corrugated iron for roofs . then came coconuts eggs and rice wine . then we were off again . but our stumping tour of the south wasnt all misery . now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us . next he addressed himself to our souls . for girls the overprotection is far more pervasive . almost everybody in the senior class is married students say dogmatically . bruises and black eyes were relieved by application of raw beefsteak . a chaw of tobacco put on an open wound was both antiseptic and healing . tetanus could be avoided by pouring warm turpentine over a wound . rabies were cured or prevented by madstones which the pioneer wore or carried . since a fall or blow might have caused it a cold pack was usually first aid . bathing the itching parts with kerosene gave relief and also killed the pests . ant bites were eased by applying liquid bluing . for wasp stings onion juice obtained by scraping an onion gave quick relief . a kerosene shampoo seems a heroic treatment but it did the job . the situation involved some political perils . and these hardy travelers are not unappreciated today . she had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed . they were a vagabond lot and considered to be shady and undesirable characters . he met nobody he knew on this walk . her study of history was persistently pursued . at different times he served as glee club and choir leader and as organist . she served for a number of years without pay beyond her travel and maintenance . both loved the out of doors including mountain climbing and horseback riding . yet they thrived on it . now the school was indeed bereft . soon the office work claimed all her time . oh hell be a plumber came the answer . we produce peanut oil but to a much greater extent we eat the entire seed . seeds of soybean cotton corn sesame and rape yield semidrying oils . palm oil protects the surfaces of steel sheets before they are plated with tin . castor oil made from castorbeans has gone out of style as a medicine . quince seed gum is the main ingredient in wave setting lotions . almonds and pistachio nuts are not so high in oil but are rich in protein . chestnuts are starchy . all nut kernels are rich in protein . the so called vegetable ivory is the hard endosperm of the egg sized seed . flaxseed poultices and mustard plasters still are used by some persons . beverages are made from seeds the world over . cereal grains have been used for centuries to prepare fermented beverages . beer generally fermented from barley is an old alcoholic beverage . hay and pasture are the other chief sources of livestock feed . to keep em scattered somewhat and yet herd em was called loose herdin . to hold em in a compact mass was close herdin . cattle which died from them winter storms were referred to as the winter kill . them new to the country were referred to as pilgrims . the cowboy called this breed of cattle magpies . the cowboys humorous name for a cow givin milk was a milk pitcher . cows givin no milk were knowed as strippers . such an animal was said to be mealynosed . at the base of the rocky hillside they left their horses and climbed on foot . nice country to meet a lion in face to face . careful dont disturb her . even then if she took one step forward he could catch her . but now she sank lower to the rock . her tail no longer lashed . bring me the firecrackers . aint she beauty though . it was the story of the rhinoceros fight all over again . if dark came they would lose her . she snarled warningly . with a whirling jump it could get into gear . the antithesis of the ecumenical and the local then no longer exists . the revised procedure was acclaimed as a long overdue reform . the courtyard is magnificently decorated . he has never himself done anything for which to be hated which of us has . northerners indulge in an extremely dangerous luxury . brief snips of actual events were shown parades dances street scenes . time and space have both become cinematic . not surprisingly this approach did not work . residential associations struggle to insulate themselves against intrusions . it offered to surrender its right to exclusive trade but asked an indemnity . these men were without capital or experience . twenty five the sheik replied . the library has open shelves even in the unbound periodical stockroom . they understood and teased me a bit about it . both the conditions and the complicity are documented in considerable detail . northern liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration . the social and psychological consequences of this continue to affect the area . whatever their faults they are not hypocrites . a concept of responsibility is in process of articulation and establishment . internal national responsibility now a truism need not be documented . can thermonuclear war be set off by accident . are we as safe as we should be from such a disaster . readiness exercises are almost continuous . they know little about their machinery beyond mechanical details . they inhabit a secret world centered on go codes and gold phones . but what if somebody decides to break it . vital questions would be quickly answered according to a preprepared agenda . no question ruffles him or causes him to hesitate . unless we send out the whole pie their pieces mean nothing . all three must compare notes and agree to go . they were chasing a rain cloud . their gait is impossible to convey in words . any organism that falters or misperceives the signals or weakens is done . perhaps this is what gives the aborigine his odd air of dignity . do you always navigate like this . two miles northeast then five miles southwest that sort of thing . there was also a dog a dingo dog . theyll move around that rock all day following the shade . he gazed away from us as we approached . there was also a boomerang elaborately carved . tiny bodies dropped onto a dry leaf made a pile as big as a small apple . the odor here was more powerful than that which surrounded the town aborigines . the smell is sexual but so powerfully so that a civilized nose must deny it . boys and men go along the riverbank or to the alcoves in the top arcade . when he was eight he began violin lessons . our successors will have an easier task . a new order is thrusting itself into being . the system works as an impersonal mechanism . the theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve . he may toss coins he may take slips paper from a grab bag . then the choreographer must arbitrate . he must rearrange matters so that two performers do not bump into each other . one wonders about its applicability to people . perhaps things were even worse then . but a somewhat more detailed analysis of this process may be illuminating . solar activities could presumably bring long periods of flood or drought . yet we no longer feel uneasy . what elements of our behavior are decisive . american newspaper reviewers like to call his plays nihilistic . they find deep pessimism in them . he wore a brown knit sport shirt with no tie . his talk turns to what he calls the mess or sometimes this buzzing confusion . one can only speak of what is in front of him and that now is simply the mess . this does not allow the mystery to invade us . as she goes she herself will be illuminated . then he thought me more perverse than ever . the beatniks crave a sexual experience in which their whole being participates . their work mirrors the mentality of the psychopath rootless and irresponsible . this girl soon drops the bourgeoisie psychiatrist who disapproves of her life . what obsessions had she picked up during these long nights of talk . everything in the final analysis reduced itself to sexual symbolism . what one actually remembers is its greenness . one looked down on a sea of leaves a breaking wave of flower . a wheel squeaked on a hub was still and squeaked again . the season between spring and summer belongs to life in its carefree aspect . how do we define it . he will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community . whether historically a fact or not the legend has a certain symbolic value . why should this be so . he did not however settle back into acquiescence with things as they were . each is still glorified as a national hero . he finds it in utter misery and desolation . as he had longed to be he became the echo of a saga . the record teems with romance and adventure . his tough honesty condemns him to a solitary and difficult existence . in either case they do not appreciate the private detectives zeal . his successors have adopted the opposite alternative . they also furnish proof that in modern war message sending must be monitored . let me quote him even more fully for his analysis is important to my theme . but in every period it has been humanism . and let me add utopianism also . we of the liberal led world got all set for peace and rehabilitation . others invoked technology and common sense . this group is secularist and their program tends to be technological . should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us . but we cannot start off with a clean slate . no amount of ballyhoo will cover up the sordid facts . it can project long range goals for itself . individual human strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition . have we not actually developed idea worship . we scour literature for them here we find stored the wisdom of great minds . his name became synonymous with cold blooded cruelty . that doctrine has been accepted by many but has it produced good results . in time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal black child . false ideas surfeit another sector of our life . the stepmother almost without exception has been presented as a cruel ogress . research into several cultures has proven her position to be a mistaken one . most assuredly ideas are invaluable . we would establish no censorship . ironically enough in this instance such personal virtues were a luxury . we knew that it was as reassurance the ironic fruit of a deeply moral nature . civilization is what man has made of himself . change involves the displacement of form . the response of reaction is dominated by a concern for what is vanishing . with those paintings of big constructions crashing down he felt he could stop . for what do the utopians labor . you could also say that in these pamphlets is a relieving quality of maturity . in an ideological argument the participants tend to thump the table . only incomplete imperfect things move towards what they lack . his problem concerns longitudes latitudes and angular velocities . this is what necessitates the nonsystematic character of his astronomy . but considered within technical astronomy a different pattern can be traced . geocentricism per se . cut off every building at the seventh floor . neither his appetites his exacerbations nor his despair were kin to yours . with each song he gave verbal footnotes . two things contribute to his popularity . no more startling contrast to a system of sullen satellites could be imagined . otherwise the outlook could be dark indeed . the continuing modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process . in the course of its inquiry it took testimony from only seven witnesses . we have nothing to hide under a bushel . it takes a great deal of sophisticated thought to get the impact of this fact . they despised foreigners . he has also an extraordinary conscience . nor were his manners barbaric . he was busy he said in having someone submit to a monkey gland operation . he brought her shawls . it had a teeny envelope tied to its wrist . diversity of perception yes diversity of fact yes . to some extent predispositions are shaped by exposure to group environments . in some measure they depend upon the structure of individual personality . many selections are themselves convincing contributions to this appraisal . what shall these effects be . what factors condition the degree of realization at various times and places . properly used the present book is an excellent instrument of enlightenment . let us differentiate a few of these ideas . it is the obverse of triviality shallowness emotional anaesthesia . there results a study of literature freed from the tyranny of the contemporary . his technique is genuinely masterful . questions came to me from all sides about my world citizenship activities . he advised immediate hospitalization . maybe they will take us . eight field guns were captured in position . next best to destroying an army is to deprive it of its freedom of action . all chance of fulfilling my destiny is over . so of course he stayed put . hed collared one of his generals in public . woe betide the interviewee if he answered vaguely . passing dogs were greeted with a cordial bark . he had accordingly cultivated eccentricity to the point of second nature . transparent look waxy skin could well be uremia . it is awe inspiring . they close sometime after eight . let him become honest and they discard him . we hope that he will execute it in a manner that will entitle him to credit . his artistic accomplishments guaranteed him entry into any social gathering . instead of that he was engulfed by bedlam . the purchasers rejected the order in two letters written in vigorous terms . but we arent going to let you give him any . all about him stood tombstones his own sensitive great hands had fashioned . but they would reconsider it they assured him if he would rewrite it . this doctrine was repugnant to my moral sense . if disobeyed the result is turmoil and chaos . as we observe moral law and physical law they appear as being inevitable . their basis seems deeper than mere authority . they are not true because scientists or prophets say they are true . my own experience has followed simpler lines . religion thus becomes integrated with life . this truth that the moral law is natural has other important corollaries . let us now give some thought to the soul . only those story tellers will remain who can imitate the style of the virtuous . poets moreover dwell on human passions . students choices of ideal educational goals are not arbitrary or whimsical . they also want money prestige and security . conservatism and traditionalism seem implied by what has just been said . avowed atheists or freethinkers are so rare as to be a curiosity . the redcoats ran like rabbits . this is nevertheless a minority view . the tragic stage is a platform extending precariously between heaven and hell . the wheel of social life spun around the royal or aristocratic centre . from it spokes of order and degree led to the outward rim of the common man . tragedy presumes such a configuration . its sphere is that of royal courts dynastic quarrels and vaulting ambitions . princes and factions clashed in the open street and died on the open scaffold . and their chroniclers are not the dramatic poets but the prose novelists . they were not yet prepared to accept it as irremediable . it made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion . but none of this could soothe the exacerbated nerves . we often say of a person that he looks young for his age or old for his age . boy you aint fooling nobody but yourself . we may say of some unfortunates that they were never young . how on earth do you manage it . thus far the advances made have been almost entirely along functional lines . he is forced to play for little money and must often take another job to live . in many of his poems death comes by train a strongly evocative visual image . but it did print good verse and good fiction . ideas are the thruway to nowhere . the sculptor looked at him bugeyed and amazed angry . object a village crossroads . he was thus an early and spectacular victim . no poetry no airplanes no dancers . the trouble is that like many symbols it doesnt seem a very realistic one . maybe twenty thirty fifty . evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided . only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports and evaluation . development requires a long term approach . most of our aid will go to those nearing self sufficiency . to honor him is to honor ourselves . my sincere wish is that he continues to add to this record he sets here today . origin of state automobile practices . forty seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business . it does not indicate loose management ineffective controls or poor policy . from this motor pool personnel develop other meaningful and related data . unit prices for state vehicles are invariably lower than to the general public . in two cases airplanes only were indicated . ten others made no reply . both have excellent integration of their fiscal tax collection year calendars . dances alternated with sung or spoken verses . ballets were used in opera from its beginning . twenty nine exhibits received awards . thirty five military and civilian students received laboratory training . the shutter consists of two parts a fast opening part and a fast closing part . resistance thermometers . vapor pressure method . this has been attributed to helium film flow in the vapor pressure thermometer . laboratory astrophysics . selected bibliographies and tables of available data are now in preparation . atomic energy levels . blockade is one answer offered by experts . land based radar would help with this task . so would radar picket ships . solid concrete blocks relatively heavy and dense are used for this shelter . bricks are an alternative . the shelter shown would provide almost absolute fallout protection . the same shelter could be built into an embankment or below ground level . radio reception is cut down by the shielding necessary to keep out radiation . living in a shelter the radioactivity of fallout decays rapidly at first . a battery powered radio is essential . family rationing probably will be necessary . blowers should be operated periodically on a regular schedule . a covered container such as a kitchen garbage pail might do as a toilet . a portable electric heater is advisable for shelters in cold climates . a flame would use up air . one of these is the solidarity and the confidential relationship of marriage . they should live in modest circumstances avoiding all conspicuous consumption . our aim must be to learn as much as we teach . these curves were derived by an analysis of extensive skywave measurement data . if you are a life tenant you deduct allowable depreciation and depletion . he may get a tax refund . further research we believe will develop important commercial applications . at intervals an alumni directory is issued . between meetings he helps the president keep track of delegated matters . how well do faculty members govern themselves . he can for example present significant university wide issues to the senate . deans can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty . more often these offices are restricted to the gathering of empirical data . a detailed study of this latter phenomenon was not attempted in this paper . it was exposed to a high velocity gas jet . if they are not ellipsoids the conclusions will be a reasonable approximation . this viscosity of the material in the drops is of course not negligible . this is known as conformational entropy . indeed it is possible to separate electron paramagnetic from nuclear effects . the better quality products in both of these lines contain phosphate builders . many scouring powders now also contain phosphates . soil redeposition is evaluated by washing clean swatches with the dirty ones . in most cases these soils are taken up as liquids through capillary action . cleaned cloth must be protected against the redeposition of dispersed soil . the photochemical exchange in the gas phase . there are several sources of evidence on the micrometeorite environment . space probes have yielded little information . being based on so few events these results are of dubious validity . to what extent such low density applies to micrometeorites is unknown . biological warfare is considered to be primarily a strategic weapon . this area is highly susceptible to infection . there are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when airborne . this may be of overriding importance in considering military objectives . lousiness is a prerequisite for epidemic typhus . it is a happy buzzing crowd . quite often honeybees form a majority on the willow catkins . the larvae kept warm by the queen are full grown in about ten days . sometimes although by no means always these are indeed alkaline . it is possible to make a few generalizations about the six giants themselves . this birth length seems to be typical . the lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and adulthood . no fasciculations or sensory defects were found . thyroid function tests yielded normal results . x ray films of the vertebral column showed progression of the demineralization . microscopically there was emphysema fibrosis and vascular congestion . inflammatory cells were strikingly absent . these were thought to represent regenerating fibers . this was chiefly because of the bluish white autofluorescence from the cells . no antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells . of particular importance is the study of the actions of drugs in this respect . the shock therapies act likewise on the hypothalamic balance . marksmanship example . before deriving this formula we explain what we mean by problems of this kind . we now generalize these ideas for general binomial experiments . experiment without a fixed number of trials . toss a die until an ace appears . consider couples visiting an art museum . again the analyticity of the two curves guarantees that such intervals exist . a universe is a safe and permanent home . this explains some group ends and provides a justification of their primacy . it gives social guidance and direction and makes for programs of social action . religion fosters group life in various ways . as such it acts as an anchor for the people . these needs usually concern the reduction of guilt and some relief of tension . within the larger social system are the structural and functional subsystems . regulative norms governing subgroups and roles . the problem of solidarity and morale again involves the concept of values . the population can thereby replenish itself and actually grow larger . but the information on the dynamics of population was often quite misleading . in short scientific sampling was introduced in place of subjective sampling . it provides a frame for the sampling census . but in this one section we welcomed auditors . after that we began to get visitors to class . some of these speculations may have some merit others are somewhat ambiguous . but within that framework he allowed for as much flexibility as possible . or how do we enrich our already fine marriage . our campus unfortunately owns no films . the battery median grade equivalent was used in data analysis in this study . the batting average of one success out of seven increased to one out of three . he admitted his behavior and defended it . we may say that his problem was diagnosed but that he refused treatment . to use these new ways in daily life is the last step . roleplaying used for analysis follows these general steps leading to training . each form represented by the dictionary is looked up in the text form list . this leaves the ordering of entries variable . often dominant stress simply indicates a centering of attention or emotion . sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship . as these maladies overlap so must the cure . morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . you would drive us into shame he declared . there is little doubt that the students benefit from vocational education . but briefly the topping configuration must be examined for its inferences . they are both trend following methods . how much and how many profits could a majority take out of the losses of a few . there need be no squeamishness about admitting this . markets should become more competitive as consumers become more selective . in wage negotiations the industry bargains as a unit with a single union . several factors contributed to this change . such legislation was clarified and extended from time to time thereafter . a clearly recognized exception is a statutory merger or consolidation . it is not a pleasant or easy position but one we have endeavored to maintain . however when labor disputes arise its provisions come clearly into play . assume for example a situation where a farm has a packing shed and fields . there is no dispute involving fieldwork . the ramifications of the issue are enormous . the elementary school child grows gradually in his ability to work in groups . teacher assignment in order to desegregate . the plaintiff in school desegregation cases . do they make class biased decisions . does society really exist as an entity over and above the agglomeration of man . now that this is at odds with our meaning may be shown as follows . he holds that goodness and badness lie in feelings of approval or disapproval . we do not arrive at spatial images by means of the sense of touch by itself . in what ways then did the patients psychical blindness manifest itself . thinking the evidence insufficient to get a conviction he later released him . and the law virtually ignored the situation . receiving no answer they set the fire . within a month calls were up seventy per cent . yet one has to go back only some sixty years . surely there is nothing new about communism . we will achieve a more vivid sense of what it is by realizing what it is not . resolved that the anti slavery sentiment is becoming ripe for resolute action . and the surface is driven back in its very surfaceness only by this contrast . in most discussions of this phenomenon the figures are substantially inflated . how ya gonna keep em down on the farm . a second assistant mopped with two sponges . necessary retouching was put on at once . there should be no reason to misinterpret or ignore the intent of this letter . personal predispositions tend to blunt the ear and in turn the voice as well . the failure to keep these two usages distinct presents hazards to the reader . this is no assignment for a frivolous girl she assures him . though brief it has a sharp dramatic edge and great poignancy . there are many such competently anonymous performances among the earlier poems . about dawn he got up to blow . it had assumed the terrifying inertia of inanimate matter . they were both very fluent . his sinuous melody is a sort of naive transcendence of all experience . confabulation has come to determine structure . index words and electronic switches may be reserved in the following ways . with the spring rains the flow rose rapidly due to infiltration in open sewers . at no time were algae found in the mixed liquor . the bacteria formed typical activated sludge floc . now the problem is presented piecemeal and sometimes contradictorily . while one element is announcing progress another is delineating its problems . conceivably the submarine defense problem can be solved by sufficient forces . the world is constantly changing what was new yesterday is obsolescent today . but it must be remembered that the plan should not be oriented geographically . a concurrent effort is needed to make oceanographic data useful on the spot . these always contain metallic inclusions . simple elongation has been treated in detail . a third volume remains to be published . other morphological physical and optical property values are also given . the data are presented in lists and tables . the compounds are divided according to composition into seven categories . substances all crystalline substances and other solid state materials . coverage of primary literature will follow . in earlier years the preservation of food was essentially related to survival . microorganisms are often responsible for the rapid spoilage of foods . it will however inhibit the sprouting of potatoes and other root vegetables . chief interest in radiosterilization resides in the military services . meats the radiation processing of meat has received extensive investigation . to date the one meat showing favorable results at sterilization doses is pork . poultry results of irradiation tests with poultry have been quite successful . urethane foam as an insulator is also coming in for a good deal of attention . originally the main types used were various compositions of polyesters . the single curve line represents a specific formulation in a test example . these air or gas bubbles make highly functional thermal barriers . the mixing head moves back and forth slowly across the width of the receptacle . a domestic automatic washer that will give equivalent results may be used . this is especially true for knitted fabrics . the electron optical system may be either a magnetic or electrostatic one . measured performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed . space charge influences will also decrease at increased voltages . we can however maximize its expected value . manual leveling requires an appropriate display of the accelerometer outputs . this process is especially difficult since gyro drifting is typically random . in simpler terms it amounts to pointing the platform in the proper direction . the platform accelerometers must be slightly modified for this procedure . a precision transit is set up so that it is lined with respect to true north . this can be done to a high degree of accuracy by existing surveying techniques . gyrocompass heading . he looked lazy spoiled a little querulous . she greeted her husbands colleagues with smiling politeness offering nothing . you dont eat enough honey . husky young man he said with mock distaste . is his appetite improved . or does he get exercise . it required an energy he no longer possessed to be satirical about his father . he did not mind the useless kindly questions . have you got enough blankets . closer still regular barricades of barbed wire hung on timber supports . was it all vain labor . it could take place tomorrow night or it might occur months from now . give me your machine gun ammo . there are also honest seekers after truth . the other patrons were taxi drivers and art students and small shopkeepers . the fear of punishment just didnt bother him . these were heroes nine feet tall to him . poverty imposes a kind of chastity on the ambitious . at law school the same . perhaps it was right perhaps it was just . he merely said any good decorator these days can make you a tasteful home . there was typhoid and malaria . by that time perhaps something better can be done . hope to see you again . two gas lamps were no more than a misleading glow . after that violence was exultantly easy . from childhood he had known all about knives . he smashed it in and tumbled into darkness . it was like finally getting into ones own nightmares to punish ones dreams . yet even that explosion did not mean much . behind him billowed a small pungent cloud of smoke . it was not exactly panic they gave way to but they could not just sit there . by the look of him he wasnt that far gone . for a moment boy and mount hung in midair . the blow encountered silky hair and hard bone . they were pursuing him . the walls bulged the floor trembled the windowpanes rattled . he stared at the far morning expecting a pendulum to swing across the horizon . however a boys lively eyes might rove . a flash illumined the trees as a crooked bolt twigged in several directions . fiddles screeched a piano tinkled . they stayed at hotels and boardinghouses or at private homes . he chuckled the memory vivid . maybe theyll stop it now once for all . theyre doin it now . the word also made him feel hate sincere hate for those so labeled . hired hard lackeys of the warmongering capitalists . his arm moved swiftly violently once twice . the thought came back the one nagging at him these past four days . somebodyll hafta start thinkin . he looked over at him lying there asleep and he felt a wave of revulsion . why couldnt they have dumped him off on someone else . thoroughly wised up . knows the score with a supreme effort he broke it off . maybe they already got them . boy youre stirrin early a sleepy voice said . theyll toe the line . see hes already snapping it up the dumb jerk . merely to satisfy the authors curiosity . no one will even suspect that it is your work . who is going to stop me . either better nor worse . at home yes they argued . is it because of my slovenliness that hair grows on my face . he trembled lest his piece should fail . drunkenness was no longer tolerated . it would be well to show the populace how we deal with adulterers . a carriage crunched by its dim lights filtering through the gloom . fists pummeled him as he staggered forward . he wondered if it wore the old anxiety or the old taut stoicism . it gave the rubberized fabric a dull gleam like metal . the feet wore army shoes in obvious disrepair . then he then what . he had plunged into the dark woods beyond . they did not know who they were or know their own worth . in the pity for them his loneliness was gone . it is the same ole same tell me its name . yall wanna walk walk he said . yall should have let me do it . maybe todayll be a good news day . oh we managed she said . outside only a handful of reporters remained . however the litter remained augmented by several dozen lunchroom suppers . they offered no opinions volunteered nothing betrayed no emotions . a sleepy voice answered . he waited until they were inside the elevator and then said now what do we do . they had vermouth sitting in front of a cafe . he reached out and felt the bath towel hanging on the towel rack over the tub . visually these approximated what he was feeling within himself . leave me your address . the surgeon carried a cage of live pigeons . was it a birthday ball . it was a grotesque hen five or six feet tall . husbandry was bounded by snake rail fences and there were grazing cattle . they often threw tidbits overboard . one had to believe in final events or one was stranded in the abyss of nothing . he drove sensual patterns off carefully shaving his long upper lip . he began to pack the saddlebags . this is our singular goal . andreis skilled eye sized them up . ice baths electric shocks lashings wild dogs testicle crushers . he found an empty bench opened a newspaper and stretched his legs before him . his captain was thin and haggard and his beautiful boots were worn and shabby . flies swarmed around the bowl of lentils in which he mopped thick black bread . suddenly she was very mysterious and dramatic . we both had hangovers . brown eyes eyebrow mustache . oval face without an expression in the world . exboyfriend meet exhusband . he always seemed to have money in his pocket . how about me trying to help her get her job back . they werent as well paid as they should have been . for once radicalism was a recommendation . rector was often curious often tempted to ask questions but he never did . how many children do you have present today . your voice is delightful he approved with a warm smile . the jaded amorist conjured up pictures of the blasphemous rites with relish . to be passive to be girlishly shy was palpably absurd . no she would not pretend modesty but neither must she be crudely bold . with his club foot he might well be grateful . her lips moist and parted spoke his name . she sprang up and went swiftly to the bedroom . neither acknowledged the gift . on all sides doors were being slammed in his face . a crude ladder ran down to a wooden floor . prompted by a guilty urge he had disobeyed the order of a man he respected . the figure in the corner belched loudly a deep liquid eruption . the flat bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current . they moved toward the skiffs with shocking eagerness elbowing and shoving . the third crawling man forced himself erect . two clotted balls the color of mucus rolled between fiery lids . his sweet whisper came after great effort . intelligence jabbed at him accusingly . he believed that brave boys didnt cry . nobody does but they gave me ten last year . infectious hepatitis he shouted heartily . he travelled all over the world . she smiled and teeth gleamed in her beautifully modeled olive face . the name fell with lazy affectionate remembrance from her lips . for an instant the old aunt felt something indefinable flash through her smile . that is what childhood is he told himself . theyve never met you know . that would make him mad enough if he was sober . this kids froze bad . pa dont care about the kid . he didnt figure her at all and if he found out a woman itd be bad . heats bad for frostbite . hes got to thaw slow . lift dont shove lift . his head flopped back . now hell choke for sure . she knew she was feeling afraid and inwardly laughed at herself . there was much embracing much exclaiming . we came on as soon as we could . he makes me uncomfortable . did he ever visit here when he was a kid . you lucky kids he said . this is my hen ledger he informed him in an absorbed way . have you got our keys handy . next the hen was nested and all seemed well . her legs hung down long and thin as she sat on the high stool . fuss fuss old man . said you wore yourself out cleaning all these empty rooms . she sounded as though they already existed . weve got plenty of time to think about that . this coat looks like a rag heap . in a week the hyacinths would spike out . what possessed you to tell me a clotheshorse would be a good idea . lovie you make me feel naked . how did one join them . were you in love with that girl . youve not seemed like them but maybe you are . nurses training here doesnt cost anything . they even pay me six dollars a month . such optimism was completely unjustified . your leg muscles and back muscles feel weary . if it ever got behind me the beep turned to a buzz . it was a fairly modern motel with quite a bit of electrical display in front . its a formality you know . you see shes on a diet . she looked at me provocatively . kinda like a zombie . he spoke soothingly . you dont hafta get nasty . so he understood her panic . she blew her nose on a tissue and opened the coke bottle . or borrow some money from someone and go home by bus . where were they now . somewhere birds were sweetly calling were answered . the car door crashed shut . do you know where might have gone . did anyone see my cab . he thought he saw a pale face at a window . there were other farmhouses nearby . a foolish thought came into his head . he remembered a story he had read as a youth . he held his arms close to his sides and made himself as small as possible . oh no not again he said aloud . be excited and dont identify yourself . got no business over here on a stake out anyway . the knifelike pain in his groin nearly brought him down again . it moved in a silver arc toward his throat then veered downward . one thing he thought nobody knows about it yet . he put it in his own pocket for safekeeping . the body was heavier than he had anticipated . it snowed continuously but quietly evenly . the soft snow was deceitful underfoot . twice he nearly fell . deep enough he decided . he checked into a motel and drove downtown . the sheriffs swivel chair tilted back . shed also remember if the groom died later . have they inherited some money or something . she asked with a reportorial gleam in her eye . come on lets hurry down before they lock up for the day . it latches when you close it so stay as long as you like . now dont shut this door . something else distracted him yet there was no sound only tomblike silence . then he heard the outer door closing . hey come back he shouted . no they could kill him just as easy right now . except for those minutes in her room he had lost touch with her as a reality . it was awkward very awkward . someone reasonably trustworthy . anything to do with an ace o spades bad luck . not when shed waited so long already . would have been easy to identify as opium by its odor . so somebody else knew what would happen to her fathers money if she died . well then who brought it . take your cobblers shop somewhere else . emotionally they penetrated him not at all . and so he walked aimless again . when he left she knew she would never see him again . youre a taxpayer householder landlord . got the upstairs guy he bellows . theyll tell you whats cooking . for a man of his mass he was curiously short . me he said merrily . those lovely whorls he chortled . they had come not to admire but to observe . theyre going to louse me up good . you think somebody is going to stand up in the audience and make guilty faces . he may try to phone us . heres where luck would normally step in . within this framework what followed was strained even macabre . he drew a deep breath . lullaby and goodnight his voice shook . do you know what they think of me . weve done our part . they took it away overalls or something . come home right away . he drove and the road wobbled familiar scenes crept past on either side . a new idea drifted in from nowhere . they were all faded . worn through at the knees . and men also used vacuum cleaners in both rooms sucking dust up once more . check the overnighters out . anybody carrying anything that might hide a rifle . shrugs met that from room clerks from bellhops . nobody in his right mind punishes a quarter century old dereliction . jeopardize it now to correct so old a wrong . bitter unreasoning jealousy . he also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities . it was not whatever tale was told by tails . and possessed himself how . the poor unlucky the telephone rang . brain examined for thrombosis clot or hemorrhage . no signs of these no gross hemorrhage of lungs heart brain or stomach . oh the time of death . probably around midnight give or take an hour either way . she always did before and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised . with her sharp tongue shed have cut his pompousness to ribbons . he went on to personal bequests a list of names largely unknown to him . old people have their idiosyncrasies . this one came a bit high at thirty thousand or more . his salary had reached the ten thousand mark . he would offer no theory to account for her murder . its still unbelievable that it was murder . nevertheless its true . could the ambassador himself be the man on this side the prime minister feared . one more muddleheaded play like that one and theyd be leading him away . in the lighted interior he saw other men and women struggling into their wraps . he could pick up another pack on his way home if he were going home . he said the crazy fool half aloud . only then did he decide he didnt want one . meanwhile fishermen took advantage of them to pull up whoppers . his sarcasm was followed by a stupid grin of his thick mouth and bad teeth . widow nice sort of woman . got a heck of a buy on this dirt cheap . the wrinkled mouth laughed revealing astonishingly strong white teeth . hiding out like this wont get him anything except more trouble or bullet . if she moved gracefully she was clumsy at it . thats your headache . soak up local color . no other visitor inquired for her that evening . we have better rooms vacant now he babbled . two women who had been chattering like parrots were struck dumb . the clerks eyes flickered . suppose you tell me the real reason he drawled . there is no store he piped tremulously . a thick crimson carpet muffled every footfall . hastily the boy switched on a ceiling light . the room looked normal and even commonplace . there was no hint of a violent struggle now . the blue rug was suspiciously bright and new . afraid youll lose your job if you dont keep your mouth shut . were you on duty here two weeks ago . women didnt use white face powder nowadays he recalled . they used pink tan or cream powder . a monstrous shadow fell across the illuminated wall distorted and indefinable . the shadow vanished . there was a thick squashy crack of fist on flesh . rough cloth rasped his fist . there was a grunt curiously inarticulate like that of an animal in pain . on the bare floorboards a man lay face down . the mans eyelids fluttered . its perhaps a mile from here where we sit . pretty girls among them with blonde hair and pert faces . like his glossy black hair . oh yes hed talked about doing so . no the man was not drunk he wondered how he got tied up with this stranger . why dont they tell me themselves if it bothers them . this favorite grievance was not the landlord . but why pay her bills . he shrugged casually . his eyes burned feverishly . cmon he whispered four levels about three feet down so dont fall . well both be blowing town tomorrow so we wont be moving in on you . his sure sure was enthusiastic this time . to kayo him and maybe or maybe not kill . if we left one wed have to wipe it for fingerprints . our hypothetical other bum who killed him would have turned out his pockets . in fact nobody saw us cop or citizen . it had gone like clockwork . how safe is too safe . shall we flip a coin to see which of us goes first . selfs integrity was and is and ever had been . they went downstairs loaded a tray lavishly . okay take the tray . thatll be plenty to eat by . presently his water brother said breathlessly . eternity is no time for recriminations . you too were a stupid jackass until you poisoned me . afterwards you did well enough . mike was of legal age and presumed able to defend himself in the clinches . anyhow it was high time the boy was salted . my beloved ward my perennial gadfly said the whining voice . fuming helpless he watched them pass him . he rubbed his eyes sleepily with one huge paw . a range of bluffs hugged the horizon the color of decaying moss . these planets were much bigger nearly all capable of holding an atmosphere . but to the infuriation of scientists for no known reason not all of them did . sonic electronic galvanic all blank . positive results start when it goes towards the hand you use to make your mark . he wasnt likely to come down with hot chills and puzzling striped fever . it looks like we did when we made blastdown . maybe it would work the other way . actually they said he did sleep but so shortly and fitfully that he forgot . his body processes only slowed down enough for him to dispel fatigue poisons . the buddies invariably took advantage of him . behind him his mates stirred without waking . youre right now buddy . why pick me for your patsy . why accuse a shipmate of being behind this . the tapes show that . theres still such a thing as mental illness . her hum became a gurgle of surprise . the ladys eyes unmagnified bugged out . you people dont have adjustable vision . the good man chortled appreciatively and decided the trip was worth his time . she found herself able to sing any role and any song which struck her fancy . when she awoke she was the ship . she was ready for her great adventures and the arrival of her mobile partner . hello anyone at home . the sudden solitude had lost its momentary charm and become oppressive . the many bodied girl lay near him . she radiated warmth and good fellowship . we can die too we can die like real people . he remembered them well from his happy period . a good morrow to you my boy . you mean a game with cards . soon said the half man . thus events occurred and victims changed in appearance and new ones arrived . he remembered the last time he had eaten actual eggs from an actual pan . people never live forever . her eyes were glazed as if she didnt hear or even see him . no girl would go this far to fool a man so she could kill him . she drank greedily and murmured thank you as he lowered her head . well work for our keep the boy said eagerly . were not drunkards she said . my dress needs some work on it . well pay you back if youll let us . we havent slept together since we started . dont you hate me any more . now theres nothin left of me . thirty five they rode at a measured pace through the valley . then at last the darkness began to dissolve . they neither gained nor fell back . he rode low on the mares neck . a bayonet hung in a belt scabbard . the guerrilla bivouac remained silent . he kissed her also and with deep tenderness . running around in the moonlight almost naked and slugging a man with a rock . he might say or do something foolish . they were tethered army style on stable lines . a voice spoke near at hand . theres no chance now of all of us getting away . youll have to try it alone . that touched off a total stampede . he picked up the powder canister and ran out . powder flame gushed beneath the wagon . guerrillas were racing toward him . some tore entirely through the whipsawed post oak . the wagons were burning fiercely . the mudwagon had caught fire also . the roof of the command post began to buckle . anything wrong capn . theres no war on now . his legs pumped furiously his long black hair streamed out behind him . although my shot killed his horse he rolled off the bale on top of me . his eyes were dark fluid fearful and he gave a sigh as my knife went in . you could burn down this whole mountainside with a fire that size . it took him a long time to compose himself . my father ran him off here six years ago . it might hurt you though . and he was handsome despite the long thin scar that slanted across his cheek . she seemed irritated . youve got no business up here . you took me by surprise . there would still be plenty of moments of regret and sadness and guilty relief . a warm breeze played across it moving it like waves . the pulsing glow of a cigarette . when he saw me coming he turned his radio off . when suitably lighted what would it look like . meanwhile spring had passed well into summer . they had chosen this night purposely . bury those uniforms so they wont be found . after another long pause he asked how many people know who they are . fat showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt . he lived and breathed for the mining company . ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches . it cost us a hundred thousand dollars and thirty days lost time to fix them . the gunman nodded slipping the picture into his breast pocket saying nothing . as she drove she thought about her plan . it was there that she would have to enact her renunciation beg forgiveness . perhaps it was all a vividly conceived dream . nevertheless she continued to move upward . it circled her thighs exploring with its icy tentacles . every movement she made seemed unnecessarily noisy . lips pursed mournfully he stared down at its crazily sagging left side . and his relatively small hands and feet gave him an almost delicate appearance . or maybe you just dont feel like a cigar . what did you mean by that rattlesnake gag . getting the boss rattlesnake to help you . so whats this all about . why single me out on this permit deal . you do that or take you out a permit right now . not immediately as the deputy demanded . oil field workers were a rough tough lot . a rabbit punch redoubled him . no more could he defend himself against them . why hes going to kill me he thought wildly . beat me to death in front of a hundred people . wait a little while . in my place youd follow such advice as you give me . well ride out as soon as weve had chuck . they were all good men . lighted windows glowed jewel bright through the downpour . put on his old brown corduroy coat and it was already soaked . he was only vaguely aware of the sluicing rain . well talk over at your office . it was secured by an oversized padlock . for the unseen ghostlike rifleman aimed a little higher the third time . the former scouts alibi couldnt be shaken . privately he created and magnified an image of himself as a hired assassin . the rustling problem was by no means solved . there were no tracks of either hoofs or boots . he moistened his lips uneasily . who told you to do it . does this make it any easier coward . he wanted to show the town what happened to anyone who tried to start trouble . were going someplace . wherere you takin me . honey he whispered . like enough well all be up on top by sundown . a single kick made it spring open shuddering . clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter with growing alarm . his first glimpse of the ranch house across the brushy swells told him nothing . he had not covered a hundred yards before a gun crashed from somewhere behind . a slug had torn half of his stirrup guard away . a second twitched his shirtsleeve and he felt a brief burn on his upper arm . another snarled close overhead . each plane carried two five hundred pound bombs . the pilots heads looked ridiculously small . if the other pilots were worried they did not show it . although they drew light ground fire they saw no signs of activity . twelve oclock level . the opposing aircraft continued to come on . if any of us miss they can pick up the pieces . the clearly identifiable enemy continued on as if no one else were around . lets take em home . perfect he thought . the enemy did not veer . as if drawn by a wire the enemy flew into them . a large piece of engine cowling vanished . wingman stay clear he prayed . he fought the panic of vertigo . something pulled my leg . we were off the road gleaming barbed wire pulling taut . high so it only bounce harmlessly but loudly off a cars steel roof . on unoccupied roadway the bottle shattered into a small amber flash . two cars came over a crest their chrome and glass flashing . brakes shrieked behind us . and what eyes they were . eyes like hot honey eyes that sizzled . whats your name anyway . anyway it was evident what he had in mind . hows it strike you foul or fair . accident murder suicide take your pick . how will we work it out . lot of people will roam the streets in costumes and masks and having a ball . or more rhythmically the swarthy witches are laughing . should she wake him . so if all these beers was to get me in bed man you just spent a lot of money . he blew his nose expertly between his fingers . you shall see her at dinner . like as if it were built of books . she took it grudgingly her dark eyes baleful as they met his . she asked smolderingly . we can get it if we dig he said patiently . were lost and burning up already she bit out tensely . theyll roll off in another day . in a way he couldnt blame her . she had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder . he had left her inviolate thinking familiarity would gentle her in time . his blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead . to his puzzlement there suddenly was no haze . he swung up over the wheel . the clouds bulged downward and burst suddenly into a great black funnel . the cloudburst cut off abruptly . at least the wheels dug in . his wife didnt give a sign shed heard . they were already swollen to bursting . sulphur oil and copra make the kind of tinder any firebug dreams of . the lifeboats were stuck fast . heave on those ropes the boats come unstuck . lets hope we come to a safer place . they were shattered . later you shall know it better . the old woman arose stiffly and led me to a clearing where a small hut stood . then he would realize they were really things that only he himself could think . what outfit does she drive for . nowadays we talk as though the blitz were just a short skirmish . they dont go for bull like muscle as a rule . he didnt tell her the truth he now freely admitted to himself . the great black leopards . they came upon cheetal deer at woodland pools . he took his mask from his forehead and threw it unexpectedly across the deck . a note of awe came into his voice . our boy didnt chicken out no sir . whatever you tell him he will dive . he took a big swig of his drink . it would be a colossal shame to throw away a story like this . make it come off all right . he felt a good deal less shaky . as his feet slowed he felt ashamed of the panic and resolved to make a stand . he crossed the next meadow and climbed a tree where the jungle trail resumed . he murmured to himself with firmness no surrender . his superiors had also preached this saying it was the way for eternal honor . his comrades were all dead . the shot reverberated in diminishing whiplashes of sound . you came well equipped to die . are you a thrower of flame marine . wet also were the marines fatigues and the face had an oily film . before much longer the marine quieted down . he straightened up alert now as the buffalo hunter came closer . stay right here where you are kid he called . the kid has no manners boys . shall we teach him some . a third shot doused the light . hell shoot up the town . the entire length of the street could be raked with rifle fire from this barn . he sized up the situation and shook his head . he slipped outside hugging the walls of buildings and dodging into doorways . cant seem to locate landmarks in this snow . all that time rifle barrels were pointing unwaveringly at his head and body . he strolled back to the door whistling softly hands still clasped behind him . why aint you playin ball . they played crack the whip a few minutes without mishap . thank you she said dusting herself off . maybe some other day . oh shucks the girl said . to his surprise his plan worked perfectly . he was gifted with animal magnetism and a potent allure for women of any race . lifting her skirts she climbed in never relinquishing her grip on his arm . he saw a pint sized man with a graying spade beard and an unusually large head . yeah seems so dont it the boy laughed hugging her close . we dont know this guy . his head came up and he said it defiantly . come sit he repeated motioning to the piled hay bags over the pig leavings . yeah but whatre we gonna eat . he reached once more into the carpet bag and brought up a package of wieners . he ripped down the cellophane carefully and laid three dogs on the tin foil . how come youre riding the rods kids like you . now forget all this other . you gonna give me a drink fella . maybe you and me will girlie but these two aint goin nowhere . or the bay of female dogs in heat . they had slapped their thighs . he would not carry a brief case . all the while she sat there her sinewy arms swirled before her chest . youre boiling milk aint you . above him slid the evasive shadow of a storm cloud . what about a tea room then . she was so beautiful so valiant so pitiable . absolution for his lie . why lacerate the congregation . hed had no idea how unhappy his sweet peach had been . if he ever did such a thing again shed die of shame . he swung in through his own wide gateway . no temptation no virtue . go change your shoes before you turn around . he then offered his own estimate of the weather which was unenthusiastic . he scowled at her flowers . my dad did it and he lived to a great age . ran away on a black night with a lawful wedded man . left mine many a time only she never knew it . he gave a short hard laugh and looked at her knowingly . but she suffered in her off duty hours . then after a while she went to her mirror . just why anybody should wish to start a riot the executive officer didnt know . he may not rise to the heights but he can get by and eventually be retired . see you in about an hour . ahah he thought a lush divorcee at last . it gave her a lewd winking effect . our key salesmen are in appliances and cosmetics . it sounded silly why go on . dont forget whiskey its such a big seller . she looked crestfallen as if he had somehow disappointed the whole human race . with any luck at all he could easily find a flowerpot . but roulettes not my game . hes a pinto and he photographs wonderfully . hows your luck honey . stake me she said and let me at those dice . named after the ballet . is there any word you would like to offer in your own defense . he saw the dangers not the glories of being identified as a mutineer . there is not space to hold or force to guard any increased number of prisoners . the instinct to discipline has been lost . he paused then added everything on a ship is a weapon . another field had given him fame enough to satisfy any egotist . now the hope was gone . this tragic lad had forged his own shackles . the air smelled warmish and foul . his black hat with its wide brim high crown and fur trim rode high . one white hand poised a stick above his desk . the guttural language from the ghetto stopped . some of them ignored the text and had apparently memorized the words long ago . his body pitched back and forth on the bench . does this bother you . you had to be stupid or crazy or immortal . she took it with her wherever she went she chose it . here they did not need to be in ghettos . all his family was dead except for his son . you feel him every mile further away . each of us had his own specialty besides . the eye is all inward or outward . why should this suddenly assail her . then the telephoning began . was it a hysterical release from the long strain of vigilance of those weeks . it was nobodys fault . she overplayed her hand . why put such a high value on being top dog . why are you trying to worry me . was she just naturally sloppy about everything but her physical appearance . but it was a hopeful sign he told himself . when they got home at midnight she was tired out . look somewhere else . lets be fine superior people of great dignity he said as if he were joking . then he fled not waiting to see if she minded him or took notice of his cry . he sank back sighing and was soon asleep again . his fingers fumbled across the bandages . he recognized his jacket and trousers . she must have put his clothes in the closet . he was kneeling to tie his shoelaces . his fingers felt absurdly thick and clumsy . who would take over . for a moment he felt like a thief discovered . her face seemed to float in an implausibly bright shaft of sunlight . he had never felt particularly close to her . forget we ever knew what . his voice seemed thick and purposeless . are you positive youll be all right by yourself . take care of yourself then . no really right as rain . look sweetheart some fool was . a smile pulled at the lower strip of adhesive tape . they make us conformists look good . upstairs busy feet showering like raindrops pattered around her room . his dark brows which had been lowered in anger smoothed . how long would it be occupied . strength began to zip up and down his chest . he wadded his sweat shirt into a ball and stripped down to his swimming trunks . aw shut up he said . shivering he put on his clothes . watch it big shot a hoarse voice yelled back . she was holding on to his rock with one hand . her cough sounded like cloth ripping . my mother never wops me . she spouted a mouthful of water into the air . part collie part wire haired terrier . naturally curly hair runs in my family . books are for schnooks . either that or a veterinarian . she said sharks have no bones and shrimp swam backward . her face turned pink with pleasure and a smothered cough . he daydreamed on the rock while she swam and splashed around . he says hell be here on the one oclock plane . you saw them always together those years . now you know she couldve but she isnt that kind of girl . she didnt even give me a chance to refuse . but now she looked ugly . now maybe theyd realize that life can be tough . he had fallen into a soft job and now the job was gone and he was stranded . virus infection nothing shed scream at him . a profession that brought me as good an income as mine wasnt to be sneezed at . the ward was a small one four beds kept reserved for female alcoholics . but if she wasnt interested shed just go back to the same life shed left . will you tell me why . she went on disregarding my protests . just let me die in peace . a long long way down . the reasons for this dive seemed foolish now . pretty soon a woman came along carrying a folded umbrella as a walking stick . she saw me and sat down beside me three feet away . not good looking but self confident and wise so that it made her attractive . as we ate we talked . yes because you didnt run off to use that new toothbrush . a bullet she answered . no return address whatsoever . he was full of heavy family reminiscence . the rides were tame enough mostly we talked . somebody with no vices . and never show my face or my truck around here again . it was as blissful and fulfilling a night as any bride ever experienced . its never wrong if love is real . hed not only told me so hed proved it . no price is too high when true love is at stake . share bath maybe but share refrigerator . the red pills are a vitamin and iron compound . this is a sleeping capsule . you young men get to be my age you wont take flu so lightly . in these damp circumstances he was an odds on bet to develop pneumonia . fine day after tomorrow she added . run down iron poor . but then redheads are often pale . youre having a miserable time arent you . suppose whats his name got a sunburn . hows your sunburn now . when he finally did he had to duck his head quickly away as the pitch came in . they were both walking towards each other unhurried . fights sprang up and were quickly squelched . why the hell didnt you come out when you saw them gang up on me . nobody else did either . you dont belong in professional baseball . now dont tell me what a good ball player you are . baseballs no cinch . his lips felt glued together . the leagues are full of guys like that . why not try another club . he needs outfielders bad . twenty two or twenty three . snakes are ugly he said again . nobody likes snakes . he could take the advice or leave it . real bright along those lines you might say . weakness in leadership . she always could sense the shag end of a woolly day . did you know he is advertising his ham radio equipment for sale this weekend . all your wishful thinking wont change that . he had always been a messy and negligent man . half slyly he enjoyed seeing her stoop to lift the things . more he could take at leisure . quietly he determined to foil her . he swung around eyes toward the bedroom some fifteen feet away . suppose he ran up the white flag altogether . but his resolution hardly seemed to help . you were in a hurry werent you . the tale he thought would become less gay . heavy industry slanted toward inexhaustible government coffers attracted him . were here to transact business . weve all been rich and spoiled long enough to hate the machine age . nobody else showed pleasure . hello boss he said and grinned . that worm a murderer . his manhood had been attacked . joking stopped and everyone gathered around . needless to say my art suffered drastically during this turbulent period . could it do otherwise . dogs did something to ones ego . add things as you find you need em . perhaps one bored holes in the stone with some kind of an electric gadget . it all seemed rather hopeless . no he didnt know of any handyman carpenter . it all did look very efficient and shipshape . one species of ambiguity tries to baffle by interweaving repetition . another stock vaudeville gag ran mother is home sick in bed with the doctor . view takes in five counties two bedrooms . officials meet on rubbish . many shapes in bathtubs . samples he walked in upon her invitation . not without good reason has the anatomical been called jocular journalese . in news items a man is less often shot in the body or head than in the suburbs . a woman met a famous author at a literary tea . the girl nodded understandingly . yes sir she said is that definite . of course dear she said . another brand of indefinite reference arises out of the use of the double verb . finally he asked do you object to petting . ambiguity arises when the pronoun it carries a twofold reference . that is only partly non nonsense he began . is it anything like cooked over oatmeal . those were especially the ones that all other grownups laughed at loudest . just long enough to make you feel important . their curiosity went happily out of bounds . yes maam the children chorused heartily . one could hear a very faint ladylike sigh of relief . as a result he was persuaded out to dinner . sometimes he coincided with my fathers being at home . my mother was beside herself with curiosity . very peculiar retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers . whosoever violates our rooftree the legend states can expect maximal sorrow . in short and to borrow an arboreal phrase slash timber . now hes bought it said my wife contentedly . as you can count on me to do the same . yes maam it sure was . i always say youve got a wonderful husband miss margaret . may i get some more cookies nora . well wait until you finish what youve got davy . and now nora dont you encourage him . why nora the very idea . nora i think you imagine it . well junior didnt he eat only one and mr henry didnt even do that well . but everybody calls you junior . junior what on earths the matter with you . davy mathews its disgusting the way youre always eating . well i guess i ought to dust out that desk anyhow . dont they still call you junior as though youre about ten years old . maybe theyre delivering the desk now . this is the second year your mothers donated my fishing tackle to the bazaar . she didnt donate anything of yours did she . he told me so today coming up on the train . when we left washington his son tad was ill and mrs lincoln hysterical . keep your seats boys i just want to put some finishing touches on this thing . then may i ask where these muddy foot prints came from . not very well behaved is she to run out on a play mate . im sorry but i shall have to search this house . oh mother i saw them . and nathan did he see them too . im going to search this house . now if youll pardon me i wont keep him waiting . i saw your horse outside . youre to report back to headquarters at once . but im so sunburned that every move i make is agony . may i go and get cassandra momma . well there are other things to do right now . alice i tell you my feet are like chopped beefsteak . ive got to bathe my feet . gosh the house does look like a morgue though . youd think her stomach wouldve got used to it in three weeks . yes yes well let you know . not when i was a kid . 